---
date: 2022-09-27
title: How-to Fix Pop-up Notifications From Chrome
slug: howto-fix-chrome-notifications
author: Jesse Perry
publish: true
draft: false
type: blog
tags:
- chrome
---
We hate those little popup notifications in Windows, the ones down by the clock
telling you that 'Your Computer is infected...' always with a kind of vague or
generic looking logo and a ca:wll to action to click something. These are,
almost *always* bogus.

These popups come from your web browser, believe it or not. What happend was a
message was displayed on your browser asking if you would like to allow
notifications, and someone clicked *YES* when they should have clicked *NO*.

fortunately, these are easy to remove. Here are two ways to remove them in
Google Chrome.

## Delete Notifications

The simple way is to go to the notifications settings page and delete the
notifications that have been allowed. I like to leave the ones for Gmail and
Calendar, but not much of anything else.

Here is a link to the notifications settings:
[chrome://settings/content/notifications](chrome://settings/content/notifications)

You can browse to these settings by going to the `...` menu on the top right >
Clicking `Settings` > `Privacy and security` from the left side > then `Site
settings` about second from the bottom > and then `Notifications` about half
way down the page > finally delete any you don't need from the section at the
bottom titled `Allowed to send notifications`.

## Reset Browser Settings

And then, there is the 'nuke from orbit' approach, where you reset ALL Chrome
settings, retaining only your saved passwords, forms and history, nuking
everything else.

Here is a link to the reset settings:
[chrome://settings/reset](chrome://settings/reset).

You can browse to these settings by going to the `...` menu on the top right >
Clicking `Settings` > then click on the 3rd to the bottom on the left-side menu
and click `Reset settings` >  click the `Restore settings to their original
defaults` menu > finally click the blue `Reset settings` button.
